[Music]
I'll find out by his account there was a
huge amount it was his belief the jewels
were stolen by a thief when the
policeman checked his listen he said no
earrings had been missed now it was cold
and dark outside
so miss Clavel called for a ride where
to this time ladies Madeline did what
good detectives do
she thought of an important clue
straight ahead Monsieur Bobby okey-dokey
oh wait perhaps there is another clue
something to do with spiders
this must be it Maggie but everywhere
the girls would go from buildings high
to building's low the answer was the
same one no we checked with the Thompson
who loves Jules and the person who love
spiders but maybe it's someone who loves
both Jules and spiders
someone very riche was there not a dumb
man here yeah but you gone now after
searching all around the earrings owner
was not found East was my last hope I am
afraid we will never find the owner and
I was so sure this was it
Oh Maggie when did you see the spider
lady live in a house that looks like a
spider web these must be it
we must find her let's go up she's not
here she's at the radio station her show
is on tonight come on Madeline knew that
they must go to the spider lady's radio
show the spider lady that's my favorite
show
[Music]
so with a little trepidation they
hurried to the radio station is this the
doorman you fell them and then you lost
them again okay thank you I can't do my
show without my lucky earrings
[Music]
yes hello Mademoiselle have you lost
something my earrings my spider earrings
oh that's wonderful thank you you
darling girl you have saved the day it
gave Madeline such great pleasure to
return the glittering treasure
the doorman found them in the lobby he
must have dropped them in your treat bag
by mistake
Madeline I am so proud now as a reward I
have just enough time before my show to
take you out to dinner I insist
me my thanks come too of course
bring the man you have so many friends
and I am a happy to treat you all to
dinner at my favorite restaurant
[Music]
so for another Halloween treat the
actress took them out to eat in a
restaurant quite elite equals in
spaghetti drama what is that
this is French food my very favorite hey
what did you say
patty escargot
you look like snails they are the
souffle of Chocolat
because were all surprised to see French
food of each variety just like my mouth
my mother this food is so strange smells
yeah
they viewed it with uncertainty
it looks so strange what if we don't
like it well you will not know if you
like it unless you try it
okie dokie Madeline if you say so
[Music]
war is gargle please the girls ate every
single bite eating late into the night
so what do you think Madeline do you
like our American custom
we Maggie America's ulti Doki with me
but how do you like our French customs
viva la difference that is viva la
difficulties a friendship
beam of spiders then in two straight
lines they went out the door to
celebrate Halloween some more
[Music]
and that's all there is there isn't
anymore
[Music]
think